README.md, before:

# 'NDelius New Technology' Web Application

A [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/) based website, developed in [Java 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/8-whats-new-2157071.html) with additional [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/features/all) support.

Fully asynchronous and non-blocking from the ground up, with the potential to serve 10,000 concurrent users from a single server.

### Building and running

Prerequisites:
- sbt (Scala Build Tool) http://www.scala-sbt.org/release/docs

Build command (includes running unit and integration tests):
- `sbt assembly`

Run locally:
- `sbt run`

Running deployable fat jar (after building):
- `APPLICATION_SECRET=abcdefghijk java -jar ndelius2.jar` (in the `target/scala-2.11` directory)

Configuration parameters can be supplied via environment variables, e.g.:

- `STORE_ALFRESCO_URL=http://alfresco/ sbt run`
- `STORE_ALFRESCO_URL=http://alfresco/ APPLICATION_SECRET=abcdefghijk java -jar ndelius2.jar`

The website endpoint defaults to local port 9000.

### Development notes

The [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/) provides the [Google Guice](https://github.com/google/guice/wiki/Motivation) Dependency Injection framework as standard, and [MVC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller) based webpages are generated via Play Framework [Twirl](https://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.5.x/ScalaTemplates) templates.

Spell Checking validation of appropriate user-entered form fields is achieved via the open-source [LanguageTool](https://www.languagetool.org/) library in British English.

### Building and running with Docker

- Build Docker Image `./buildDocker.sh`
- Run Docker Container `docker run -d -p 9000:9000 --name ndelius2 -e APPLICATION_SECRET=abcdef ndelius2`

Commit message:

Added missing dev option for standalone operation (#3)

README.md, after:

# 'NDelius New Technology' Web Application

A [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/) based website, developed in [Java 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/8-whats-new-2157071.html) with additional [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/features/all) support.

Fully asynchronous and non-blocking from the ground up, with the potential to serve 10,000 concurrent users from a single server.

### Building and running

Prerequisites:
- sbt (Scala Build Tool) http://www.scala-sbt.org/release/docs

Build command (includes running unit and integration tests):
- `sbt assembly`

Run locally:
- `sbt run`

Standalone:

Add the following environment vairable to run in standalone mode

- `STANDALONE_OPERATION=true`

Running deployable fat jar (after building):
- `APPLICATION_SECRET=abcdefghijk java -jar ndelius2.jar` (in the `target/scala-2.11` directory)

Configuration parameters can be supplied via environment variables, e.g.:

- `STORE_ALFRESCO_URL=http://alfresco/ sbt run`
- `STORE_ALFRESCO_URL=http://alfresco/ APPLICATION_SECRET=abcdefghijk java -jar ndelius2.jar`
The website endpoint defaults to local port 9000.

### Development notes

The [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/) provides the [Google Guice](https://github.com/google/guice/wiki/Motivation) Dependency Injection framework as standard, and [MVC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller) based webpages are generated via Play Framework [Twirl](https://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.5.x/ScalaTemplates) templates.

Spell Checking validation of appropriate user-entered form fields is achieved via the open-source [LanguageTool](https://www.languagetool.org/) library in British English.

### Building and running with Docker

- Build Docker Image `./buildDocker.sh`
- Run Docker Container `docker run -d -p 9000:9000 --name ndelius2 -e APPLICATION_SECRET=abcdef ndelius2`
